DatoCMS migrations (#635)
voorhoede/voorhoede-website: _docs/decision-log/README.md

# Decision Log

> These documents are used to track key decisions that are made during the course of the project. This can be used at a later stage to understand why decisions were made and by whom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decision logs are used to track key decisions that are made during the course of the project. These can be used at a later stage to understand why decisions were made and by whom.
```

> You should add an entry to the decision log if you have:
> - Made a decision to use a specific technology which could have significant impact on how folks work in this repo
> - Changed a technology that was in use before in favour of a new one
> - Made a decision _not_ to use a technology for a specific reason
> - Solved a problem in a way which may appear peculiar/confusing without wider context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add an entry to the decision log when you:
- Make a decision to use a specific technology which could have significant impact on how folks work in this repo
- Change a technology that was in use before, in favour of a new one
- Make a decision _not_ to use a technology for a specific reason
- Solve a problem in a way which may appear peculiar/confusing without wider context
```
